# Week goals
I want to finish my work for the release.
That include cleaning up intermediate outupt.
Addding normalized output columns with binding scores to all predictions.
Fixing or debugging the two bugs you have assigned.

A stretch/learning goal is to get the uv PR ready. To do that I want to 
open an ansible PR to install uv and set the uv extra index url. That 
way uv could work very smoothly.

# Monday

- [ ] Run indit with locally build image for class2 scorer
- [x] Review hanna soring
https://github.com/OncoImmunity/class2-scorer/pull/13#pullrequestreview-2488117167
- [x] review HLA coverage PR.
https://github.com/OncoImmunity/peptide_coverage/pull/7/files
I was doing some extra testing of this locally, and I think there is a micro bug here. Where this will exit after printing just one missing column even if there are multiple missing due to the `sys.exit(1)` indentation.
This lead me down a path of if we could leverage polars schema validation more here to validate the df schemas since you've already got the nice schema defined for each df. If you are interested @perllb I can open a PR with that?
- [ ] comment with simpler schema validation with polars
- [x] Review Erlend TF PR
- [x] Prepare a paragraph with example commands for uv in indit for discussion meeting

Curious to try out [[Snapshot testing]] for our code. Think reviewing
snapshot test changes could be very easy.

I got access to the [[Hetzner servers]] account today in Bitwarden.

- [ ] Make first code change for better intermediate output PR
[[2412-indit-intermediary-metrics]]

Fuck ruff is as appealing as uv almost. I think all the linting we do in indit could be done
with ruff. 
> Ruff can be used to replace Flake8 (plus dozens of plugins), Black, isort, pydocstyle, pyupgrade, autoflake, and more, all while executing tens or hundreds of times faster than any individual tool.

I want to bump ruff.
I want to replace xdoctest, isort and black with ruff.

All tests with pytest.
All linting with ruff.
All deps stuff with black.
In all our repos. Super fast linting. Fast installs.
Well formatted and consistent code.
Then dip our toes into snapshot testing, and get people proficient in that.
Then we can write code that is very easy to review, very quickly.
Then I can start writing better test for the model upgrade stuff so we can
plonk in new models witohut too much worry.


Will meet with [[Saverio Niccolini]] for a [[Saverio Intro meeting]].

Tomorrow we have the [[Infectious disease discussion meeting 13.09.24]]

# Tuesday
- Finish clean up intermediary files
    - Test workflow tests on cepi9
    - Run integration tests
        - verify that peptides_ap.csv is there and all others are gone.
- Reques review for intermediary files
- Review class2scorer by Hanna

- Start on adding columns to the all_predicitions output
    - Create jira issue for the normalized binding scores
    - Add normalized binding scores to all_predictions outupt

Maybe wait with adding scores from processing model?

Does cursor read csv and tsv files we have in lfs? Could that be the crash causer?
How do cursor and lfs mesh.

Requirements for [[indit]]
https://neconcoimmunity.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ID/pages/1180368945/INDIT+v1.x.x+Software+Requirements+Specifications+V01#Component:-class2-scorer-[WIP]

By having cli tools for each pipeline step we loose type hints, and python
type checker help.
I really wonder if it is the way to go.
You do get very clear module with input arguments and outputs.

[[uv in indit]] thinking about how to do the pip environment variable on the servers.
https://adamj.eu/tech/2019/03/20/how-i-provision-my-macbook-with-ansible/
Who to tag for review of using uv for indit?
Installing uv and settin the UV_PIP_EXTA_INDEX_URL on the servers
would mean it is very smooth for people to us indit.

Conclusion from missing neural_gk
It is not part of the indit output.
Was removed:
https://github.com/OncoImmunity/indit/commit/1be2f543221882e8b1dfae960b1e02303b988305#diff-d393365c7baef42f3344ab2a8b9e18709828179430c2d51039e549354d8c49ccL24

This investigates AP models features.
https://neconcoimmunity.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/RD/pages/1742077969/Statistical+Analysis+of+AP+data
Run AP models with neural_gk binding models output 
Why does Alex have neural_gk? all_aligned_epitopes_to_constr_intermediate_predictions


Youness get's this error every time he runs indit https://oncoimmunity.slack.com/archives/D081FNKL6CE/p1733840623234829
From late octover.
It moves on, does not fail to continue.
Can you run it and see if you get same
indit -i data/cepi22.fasta

Wants a shared file space between the servers.
You can't run indit twice on one machine.
No way to queue a run, waiting for it to end and then starting the next one.

# Wednesday

Today I want to do 3 things.
- Finish testing and development of https://github.com/OncoImmunity/indit/pull/214 so I can request a review ✅
- Review Hannas' PR for class 2 scorer 
Here there is a possibility to get two birds with one stone by testing the module on apoc to see if we can run class 2 scorer there
>I would be super lazy and git clone indit and run workflow tests for class2prediction scorer as first attempt, because its the least effort to test if bertmhc is working on apoc
- Reproduce Youness' bug on cepi9
- Open a PR to install uv and set UV_EXTRA ... on the hetzner machines


[[Bug review meeting 11.12.24]]
[[OPS meeting 11.12.24]]
[[Stian Lagstad]] gave you an intro to [[nix]] and how to set up uv in [[ansible-server-automation]]

I want us to be able to run indit more than once on one machine.
I think docker state prevents this now. Possibly because it tried to delete and re-pull images that might
be in use by a different indit process.


- [[Stian Lagstad]] recommends you read this https://nielscautaerts.xyz/python-dependency-management-is-a-dumpster-fire.html

cut -f 5 | sort | uniq

- update workflow tests with removed files

Git lfs sets amends the previous commit with files you've modified.

# Thursday
Discussing scaling, LLMs, specialized vs generalized models
with [[Elena Volkova]]
I feel frustrated after the conversation, but I don't understand
why.

How long does pulling docker images take when running indit?
